for Palestinian families displaced by
Israeli bombs this ruined school is the
best shelter they can
find Hamdi has previously taken Refuge
here earlier in the war but he and many
others were forced to flee from the
Israeli War
Machine we were staying in on schols
that were supposed to be safe places but
the Israelis bombed us some people were
killed and injured there were some who
could not get out we were first to flee
to the coastal
ious the Israelis left little behind
after their last attack and it will take
a lot of work to make this school fit
for people to live
in we found the school completely burned
down and had no blankets or bedding to
sleep on when we returned we found
everything destroyed but I live in
jabalia and I will die
here many Palestinians in Gaza are
forced to be constantly on the move
their homes have long been destroyed and
Israel has restricted shipments of Aid
now all these families can dare to hope
for is a temporary roof over their heads
and maybe a briefer spite from the
bombing displacement is very hard we
have children with us we have suffered a
lot and this is the third time we have
had to be displaced from this school I
don't know how I will manage we don't
have money we don't have
possibilities millions of Palestinians
in Gaza are suffering the same fate a
daily struggle for for survival that
grows ever more difficult as the war
rages on vinon Monahan Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer